
Customer Report Week 2

We envision the Badger as a random response generator, where a button is pressed and then a response is returned to the user.
What we would like to see is for the team to develop a way for the badger to recognize a typed response that is then responded to in the according fashion. 
Perhaps voice recognition will be added once the first couple things are completed.

State of Project: 

The Badger doesn’t have any design or functionality for the random response function for voice recognition or voice input. 
The random response generator for text input is also still being designed. 
Currently, the input mechanism is also not functional as well as the response generator based from a pattern familiarity locator. 
The design for this project is in a rudimentary state and hasn’t yet begun.

Development Progress: 

The development goals over the past week were to only design the text input and random response generator. 
This was accomplished and the design was created for the generator. 
The design for the random response generator will simply be a random response will be given based on a given set of text that the user provides. 
The user will see the response to this in the form of text as well. 
The input design is created so there will be a field where the user is to enter text in the form of a question and will be able to generate a response after pressing a button or a similar feature. 
The Development progress met the requirements for the week and met expectations content wise.

Next Week Goals: 

Goals for next week will include implementing the text input field and the random response generator so that they work in congruence with each other. 
Once a question is entered by the user, there should be some kind of button that is pressed and the user should be able to see a written out random response that has been generated.
 
First milestone: 8 ball response prototype where the button returns a random response.

Second milestone: the app will be able to detect patterns in sentences and return an intelligent response.

Third milestone: voice recognition will be added to the app.
