Customer Report 11

State of Project:

Calculating multiple digits and numbers with the math calculator works. 
It still solves equations between two numbers using most types of operators
including addition, multiplication, division and subtraction.The Badger 
continues to function for the text input and basic random response generator 
and more answers.responses have been added. The web app part of this interface
is in a good state of completeness and extra designs only compliment it. No 
design for functionality for voice input, voice recognition, or audio output
as of yet. The method for a pattern familiarity locator is still a possibility. 
Different types of feature inputs have been added such as a radio button. There
are multiple different modes of operation that all do specific tasks for the user.

Development Progress:

The goals over the past weeks were accomplished and more questions and answers were added
to the Badger. The math calculator works with multiple digits and numbers too. For the most part,
the app is up to date with the design goals and everything has come along as expected. 
Different modes have been officially added to the Badger including, Trivia Mode, 8-Ball Mode, 
and Basic Math Mode. To Use the 8-ball mode, the user types in their question and then clicks the 
"Hail The Badger Button". If the user wants trivia mode then they click on the trivia mode 
button and have the options to either, pick the question, type a response, or have The Badger 
answer their question. Basic Math mode simply does basic math equations involving basic operators. 
Once the user is on any one of these modes their is always and option to return to the home screen. 
The interface was updated to accommodate these new additions accordingly, with features such as 
buttons and text boxes.The developments met expectations for the week and the requirements appear
to be fulfilled.

Goals for next week:

Goals for next week include finishing The Badger instruction manual which would
include adding instructions for the Basic Math Mode. Another goal is to get
most of the user input features to work properly without fail or bugs, such as fixing
radio button problems on all forms and make sure the input is functional with the 
new implementations. 
