Customer Report 14

State of Project:

Multiple digits and operations can be used successfully with the 
math mode and math calculator. Basic Math mode solves equations between
two numbers using operators including addition, multiplication, division 
and subtraction. The Badger continues to function for the text input and
basic random response generator for 8 ball mode and trivia mode and many 
questions and answers are available. The user can enter in a question for
the 8 ball mode and get a random answer. Trivia mode can ask question and 
then you can request the answer. The interface is in a good state of completeness
and new implementations compliment it. Once on a certain mode, the user can 
click on the home button to go back to the main menu. No Design for functionality 
for voice input, voice recognition, or audio output. There doesnt seem to be
a patter familiarity recognition function. Different types of feature inputs
have been added such as a radio button. There are multiple different modes of
operation that all do specific tasks for the user. There is also a complete 
instruction manual describing the various modes of operation. 

Development Progress:

The goals over the past week were to finish up the last few touches
and implementations and the instruction manual. Another goal was to 
add more trivia questions to provide a more extensive experience. 
The instructions manual is finished and now has descriptions for all
three modes of operation including math mode. More trivia questions 
are added and the user now has more questions and answers to play with.
Most of the functionality for radio buttons and other input type features
appear to work.  The requirements were fulfilled for the past week. The
developments made met expectations.

Last Minute Goals:

Polish up the interface and be sure that there are no errors in any of
the code. Keep adding extra trivia questions to make the trivia mode of
The Badger more extensive. You could possibly change the style of the
some parts of the interface such as fonts or color as a finishing touch.





